Question no 1) What is Abstract Class?

Answer) A class which is declared the abstract keyword is known as abstract class.
        It can have abstract and non-abstract method.

Question 2) What is Abstraction?
Answer) Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation and showing the functionality to the user.

** There are two ways to achieve abstraction
i) Abstract class
ii) Interface

** Some points to be noted

i) It need to extended.
ii) It cannot be instantiated.
iii) Abstract class must be declared with in abstract keyword.
iv) It can have abstract and non-abstract method.
v) It can have constructor and static method.
vi) You can declare a variable in abstract class.
vii) It can have final method which will force the subclass not to change the body of the method.
viii) Any class contain one or more abstract method must be also declared abstract.
ix) There cannot object of an abstract class.
x) You cannot create an object of abstract class.
xi) When you definately know an object of abstract method or function is overriden declare as abstract keyword.
x) You can not create abstract static method.
xi) You can not create abstract constructor.
x) You can declare static method in abstract class.
xi) You can declare normal method.
xii) You can not override static method.


Abstract class vs Interface

- Types of methods:
  Interface can have only abstract method.
  Abstract class have abstract or non-abstract method.

- Final variable

  Variable declared in java interface are by default final.
  Ab abstract class may contain non-final variable.

- Types of variable:

  Abstract class have final, non-final, static or non-static variable
  Interface can have only static and final variable.

-Implementation

 Abstract class can provide the implementation of interface.
 Interface can't provide the implementation of abstract class.

- Multiple Implementation

  An Interface extend another java interface only.
  An abstract class can extend another java class and implement multiple interface.

- Accessibility of data member

  Member of java interface are public by default.
  An abstract class can have class member like private, protected etc.
